Fix the mistake about Neo4j Helm chart and service accounts (#1590)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/kubernetes/authentication-authorization.adoc

[NOTE]
====
The service account must already exist.

> In case of a cluster the Neo4j Helm chart creates or configures service accounts.

Reviewer: I think it should be like this, but let Harshit confirms it.
```suggestion
In the case of clusters, the Neo4j Helm chart creates the service account.
```
